Add React Native direct debugger (#1088)
microsoft/vscode-react-native: README.md

You can debug your app on an Android emulator, Android device or iOS simulator. This extension provides [experimental support](doc/debugging.md#debugging-on-ios-device) for iOS devices.

> Since version 0.60.2 React Native supports Hermes engine. You can debug your Hermes app on an Android emulator or Android device. This extension provides [experimental support](doc/debugging.md#debugging-react-native-hermes) for debugging [React Native Hermes](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/hermes/) applications on Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 0.60.2 [React Native supports Hermes engine for Android applications](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/blog/2019/07/17/hermes). Extension provides experimental support for debugging React Native Android applications with Hermes enabled. Please see [Debugging React Native apps with Hermes enabled](#debugging-react-native-apps-with-hermes-enabled) for more details.
```

> Since version 0.60.2 [React Native supports Hermes engine for Android applications](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/blog/2019/07/17/hermes). Extension provides experimental support for debugging React Native Android applications with Hermes enabled. Please see [Debugging React Native apps with Hermes enabled](#debugging-react-native-apps-with-hermes-enabled) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 0.60.2 [React Native supports Hermes engine for Android applications](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/blog/2019/07/17/hermes). Extension provides experimental support for debugging React Native Android applications with Hermes enabled. Please see [Debugging React Native apps with Hermes enabled](doc/debugging.md#debugging-react-native-apps-with-hermes-enabled) for more details.
```
